Release v0.3.1 (#1367)
valory-xyz/open-autonomy: HISTORY.md

# Release History - `open-autonomy`

# 0.3.1 (2022-09-20)

# Autonomy
- Factors out scaffolding templates
- Updates CLI help messages
- Fixes the scaffold `FSM` command so that a skill can be loaded once created
- Adds `valory/open-autonomy-user` Docker image with latest open-autonomy framework installed

# Packages
- Point to ACN Docker image instead of staging ACN nodes
- Removes unnecessary dependency of `transaction_settlement_abci` skill on the `offchain_aggregator` contract
- Adds environment variables for the RPC endpoints of all service specifications

> - De duplicates `open_aea` packages by pulling from registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deduplicates `open_aea` packages by pulling from registry
```

Author: This caused the spell check to fail
